---
layout: post
subtitle: "Manage with that tiny memory..."
title: "Using iPhone with just 16GB"
categories: ['General']
tags:
 - iPhone
---

I said tiny because iOS and other apps eat up lot of memory, leaving the user with less to play with.

The most important thing to have when you want to use 16 gb iPhone is good data connection. Fortunately I have one and at home I use WiFi.

### Automatically back-up to the Cloud:
Setup MS One Drive or Google Drive to automatically backup camera roll. And then delete photos as they back up. I used One Drive, but google drive gives you cool features like search images based on date, location etc.

### "There is an app for that" - and there lies the problem:

Apps eat up memory and it's not easy to clear that for most of them without uninstalling.

#### Uninstall that Facebook app:
It is a memory hog. I use the web interface. From Safari more options -> Add to Home screen.
The icon is same as the app and you won't even feel the difference. Added advantage of 'No notifications' - fewer distractions. 

WhatsApp is another application that you manually have to manage, the Android and Windows Phone versions are better, in the sense that they download the media directly to the camera roll folder and not a private appdata location. 

#### Use Online Music & Video apps:
I use Saavn and Gaana for most of the music when I want to search for something and listen. Use Manasu to and Radio kushi when I want to go Auto pilot. I don't miss iTunes at all. There are lots and lots of different free services that can be used depending on your liking.

Using YouTube on Chrome gives a way to listen to music on YouTube in the background, with that app you need to pay for that.

I soon hope that Microsoft comes up with so-called Surface Phone with external memory to connect and these will be no issues.

` Do you use any phone with tiny memory? How do you manage? ` 

